do you believe there's a part of
yourself
[Music]
that you don't show anybody
when i'm inside
i get to see those things
i feel them
[Music]
these girls are kidnapped tortured and
murdered
our killer is a white male about 30
years old carl
rudolph starker once had the house under
surveillance for about 20 minutes
he keeps them in this thing for about 40
hours
and after 40 hours the water starts
and it doesn't stop there is a girl that
is missing
her name is julia hickson he is the only
one
that knows where she is
if he was conscious do you think that he
would
tell you where she is are you sure
i'm sure you bring in this monster and
you're asking her to go into that mind
she's gone very deep into his world so
she's made contact
she's lost she thinks this is real i'm
going in to get her
in what world do you live in
[Music]
you